Basics improvements (#88)
exercism/jq: concepts/basics/about.md

  It it extremely useful for humans to view the data when it's nicely formatted.
  However that's not necessary for machines: the `--compact-output` option removes the formatting whitespace to minimize the size of the resulting JSON.

- `-f filename` or `--from-file filename`

>   Instead of providing the `jq` program on the command line, read it from `filename.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Read the `jq` program from `filename` instead of reading it from the command line argument.
```

Starting a sentence with "Instead" tells the reader what is *not* the case. Prefer telling the reader what *is* the case.

>   `sed` and `awk` both use the `-f` option for exactly the same purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `sed` and `awk` both use the `-f` option for the same purpose.
```

>   You'll see this used in the test scripts for the practice exercises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You will see this used in the test scripts for the practice exercises.
```

### Arrays

This will be quick introduction to working with arrays.

> We'll cover this topic in greater detail later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will cover this topic in greater detail later.
```

### Objects

> Again, just a quick introduction to objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A quick introduction to objects.
```

or 

```suggestion
A quick refresher on objects.
```

Similar to many programming languages, use dots to access object properties

```sh
$ echo '{"foo": {"bar": "qux"}}' | jq '.foo.bar'
"qux"
```

> You can also use brackets but then keys need to be quoted: this is one way to handle keys containing spaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is one way to handle keys containing spaces.
You can also use brackets, but then keys with spaces need to be quoted.
```

> ```jq

Reviewer: This is more `sh` than `jq`

This is like implicit iteration.
Once you understand this technique, you'll realize very powerful jq filters can be very concise.

## Parentheses

Parentheses are used to group sub-expressions together to enforce the order of operations, just like in other languages.

> However in `jq`, the need for them can be somewhat surprising.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in `jq`, the need for them can be somewhat surprising.
```

For example, let's say we want to construct an array with 2 elements: the square root of 9; and _e_ raised to the power 1.
The two individual expressions are `9 | sqrt` and `1 | exp`.
We expect the output to be the array `[3, 2.7...]`

```jq
$ jq -n '[ 9|sqrt, 1|exp ]'
[
  20.085536923187668,
  2.718281828459045
]
```

Why didn't we get what we expected? `jq` interprets that like this:

```jq
[ ((9|sqrt), 1) | exp ]
```

`jq`  builds a stream of two elements (`3` and `1`) which are each given to `exp`.

> What we need instead: force `exp` to only take `1` as input:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What we need instead is to have `exp` take only `1` as input:
```
